Add 14.10 release notes (#8188)
chef/chef: RELEASE_NOTES.md

This file holds "in progress" release notes for the current release under development and is intended for consumption by the Chef Documentation team. Please see <https://docs.chef.io/release_notes.html> for the official Chef release notes.

# Chef Client Release Notes 14.10:

## Updated Resources

### windows_certificate

The windows_certificate resource is now fully idempotent and properly imports private keys. Thanks [@Xorima](https://github.com/Xorima) for reporting these issues.

### apt_repository

The apt_repository resource no longer creates .gpg directory in the user's home directory owned by root when installing repository keys.

### git

The git resource no longer displays the URL of the repository if the `sensitive` property is set.

## InSpec 3.3.14

InSpec has been updated from 3.2.6 to 3.3.14. This new release adds `aws_billing_report` / `aws_billing_reports` resources and resolves multiple bugs.

## New Deprecations

### knife cookbook site

> Since Chef 13 `knife cookbook site` has actually called the `knife supermarket` command under the hood. In Chef 16 (April 2020) we will remove the `knife cookbook site` command in favor of `knife supermarket`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Chef 13, `knife cookbook site` has actually called the `knife supermarket` command under the hood. In Chef 16 (April 2020), we will remove the `knife cookbook site` command in favor of `knife supermarket`.
```

### Audit Mode

> Chef's Audit mode was introduced in 2015 as a beta that needed to be enabled via client.rb. It's functionality has been superceded by InSpec and we will be removing this beta feature in Chef 15 (April 2019).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chef's Audit mode was introduced in 2015 as a beta that needed to be enabled via client.rb. Its functionality has been superceded by InSpec and we will be removing this beta feature in Chef 15 (April 2019).
```

### Cookbook Shadowing

> Cookbook shadowing allowed cookbooks to be combined in a mono-repo if the same named cookbook was present in both the cookbooks directory and the site-cookbooks directory. This feature was problematic and has been deprecated since Chef 0.10, and will be removed in Chef 15 (April 2019).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cookbook shadowing was deprecated in 0.10 and will be removed in Chef 15 (April 2019). Cookbook shadowing allowed combining cookbooks within a mono-repo, so long as the cookbooks in question had the same name and were present in both the cookbooks directory and the site-cookbooks directory.
```
